P12: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. I started recording. So just like to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P12: I am.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: So before we take a look at that application form online that I was telling you about, I have a few
Moderator: questions about your application experience. So
Moderator: think my notes say that you're not enrolled in the
Moderator: caregiver program. Is that correct?
P12: That's correct. I I tried to enroll in it, but the
P12: frankly, the form was so confusing that I just went away from it. I did do a couple caregiver programs with the community, with our, with the county. They have a they had a couple sessions last year, and the year before that I did 2 online programs about 6 weeks, 8 weeks long. So.
Moderator: Okay. Do you know, if that was related to the Va.
P12: No, it wasn't. It was related to the county.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay.
P12: Just you know, they were doing reaching out to people, and
P12: I got word of it and signed up for both of those.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: But you have heard of the Va caregiver program. Correct? Yes. Okay.
Moderator: Have you ever interacted with the Va for family member benefits.
P12: only as far as far as P12 goes. I mean.
P12: I help with you know, doing his benefits well.
P12: And also you got the Champ Va. I know I'm
P12: she said. Family, not me. Well, I'm fam your family.
P12: I just signed up for Champ va.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: My part of the health
P12: thing, but.
Moderator: Gotcha! How was your experience? Signing up for that.
P12: Could have struggled. It was a struggle
P12: actually signing up for it, doing the paperwork to get into it
P12: easy, because I filled in the paperwork. I took it down to our
P12: the Bso. The veteran service officer here in Concord, and she submitted it
P12: through their fax thing to where it needed to go.
P12: but it just took
P12: forever
P12: for them to come back with.
P12: you know, saying that I was involved in it. So we ended up, we had to. We ended up getting
P12: well, basically speaking. The Vso was told.
P12: this is a email or a a fax thing to a portal
P12: to to get it right in to get the champion. Well, after nothing happened, she made a couple of calls.
P12: and
P12: the champag says we don't have any porthole. It just goes into an email thing.
Moderator: Hmm.
P12: So it was. It was a struggle.
P12: Okay, but I'm finally in.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I'm sorry to hear that. Thank you for the feedback, though.
Moderator: as we do work closely with the team that works on that form as well.
P12: I understand that they were
P12: really behind. That's what the every time I called about it.
P12: They said. You know that they were like months behind in their applications.
Moderator: Okay, the Va. You mean, okay, gotcha
Moderator: so in your own words, if you were to describe what it means to be a veteran caregiver. How would you describe it?
P12: Well, it's really
P12: doing everything I can
P12: to make like life easier for him.
P12: He's legally blind.
P12: so as far as his computer goes.
P12: If he has a computer problem, then I try to help him as much as I can get out of that problem.
P12: I drive him to all of his appointments and do like I said, do whatever I can to
P12: make life. Oh, I got a better. I got a pinched nerve he's got. Yeah, he's got a pinched sciatic nerve which he's had.
P12: He's got a spinal cord stimulator
P12: implanted in his back.
P12: and now he's got another
P12: thing implanted in his leg.
P12: and so trying to get those 2 things to work
P12: together is an issue, and also getting the thing on his leg. I have to help him do that. He wants to show you his leg, see his leg. Can you see it.
P12: That's the.
Moderator: I'm partner.
P12: Have that antenna right over the wires. I can't see to do that.
P12: He can't see to do it, and then
P12: the you have to turn it on, and the signal that is a little little beep, beep, beep, beep.
P12: and he can't hear that, because it's it's on his leg, and it's just too far away from him to hear it. So I have to hear that, and then turn down and then get it to the program. So it's all little things like that.
P12: I mean he doesn't. He's not to the point where he needs help taking a shower or beating himself anything like that. But she does say you're not wearing that with that.
Moderator: Someone has to.
P12: To help him.
P12: I'm sure if you're married it's the same way.
P12: Everybody.
Moderator: Yep.
P12: See
P12: in my condition you got to be real careful. When you're buying shoes. You gotta pay
P12: the same thing all the time.
P12: because when this 1st happened, when I went to Augusta to the
P12: Brc.
P12: I had 2 different sneakers. On.
P12: One was a gray one was a black 1, 1 was a blue one.
Moderator: Oh.
Moderator: I guess you were comfortable, that's all that matters.
P12: That's right.
P12: They didn't say anything. Yeah. They probably didn't even know what I figured.
Moderator: Hi, Tammy, are you able to hear? Okay, I see you're joined on like 2 different accounts.
Tamara Scott: Yes, it's been a process I could hear, not hear here, not here. Sorry I can hear you all now, so thank you. Oh, and I thought I closed the other one out so. But I'm not gonna touch anything, because I'm afraid I'm gonna mess it up.
Moderator: Yeah, there's 1 of you.
Moderator: Tammy works at our caregiver office, at the Va. And she's just observing today.
Moderator: so if you wanted to learn about benefits like the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. How would you like to learn about that?
P12: Well.
P12: I'd like to. I'd actually like to have something printed.
P12: You know, a a document, a booklet something in print, so that I can sit
P12: comfortably and read through it, and then be able to go online and do whatever I need to do, fill in whatever documents I need to fill in and access it that way. Because I'm
P12: I spent 30 years working on a computer. And so I'm I'm tired of sitting in front of a computer screen. So I'd much rather have something in print
P12: that I can look at
P12: and read and highlight and write my little questions on the side and go ahead that way. It's easier for me.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: And if you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one that we're going to go through today.
Moderator: What information do you think that you would need before completing the form.
P12: Well, let's see, certainly my name and address, and my spouse's name and his, both of our social security numbers, or his Va. File number.
P12: Pardon me.
P12: I don't know whether I would need a copy of a Dd. 214
P12: and you know
P12: that's probably the information that I would need.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. So I'm going to put a link in the zoom chat.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: Let me know if you need any help. Finding that.
P12: There's a link right here. Don't click on it.
Moderator: You can go ahead and click on it.
Moderator: and then, once you have it open I'd like you to share your screen with me in Zoom. Let me know if you need any help doing that.
P12: Probably will.
Moderator: No problem.
P12: So I've opened it.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: And so now, how do I share that with you?
Moderator: So if you go back to the zoom window, where you can see me.
P12: Lost you!
P12: Where are you?
P12: There you are right!
P12: Alright!
Moderator: In the zoom window. There should be like a toolbar on the bottom.
P12: Okay, there.
Moderator: So you're looking for a button that is green that says, Share.
P12: Okay, click on that.
Moderator: Yeah, and then it will let you select what window you want to share with me. So if you can just select that one where the form is open.
P12: Find that window
P12: right there. So let me just go back. And
P12: that's true.
P12: I'm trying.
Moderator: Do you? Were you able to find the share button.
P12: Yes, I found it. But let me just
P12: have you got it?
P12: No.
Moderator: And what do you see when you click that button? Oh, okay, I think it's starting.
P12: Yeah, that that goes back to the same thing.
P12: It's way over on the right hand side.
P12: and
P12: of course she's doing it. But
P12: people that can't see
P12: they don't look way over there.
P12: They figure all the important information is on the left hand side, because that's where they look.
Moderator: Oh, what are you referring to? Being on the right side.
P12: Sure bud.
Moderator: Oh, okay.
Moderator: yeah.
Moderator: I know we always have a little trouble unless you're someone who uses zoom all the time. So.
P12: Right, and I don't.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: appreciate your patience. I see it now. So we're good.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: So I'd just like you to review this page and then tell me what your initial thoughts are, and
Moderator: what you think about the form before going forward and applying.
P12: Okay.
P12: I'm I understand all of that. Let me just ask you a couple questions where it says,
P12: that you have to.
P12: If you're a representative signing this application on behalf of the veteran which
P12: I am, I guess that's what you'll need to submit a document showing you have legal authority to make decisions for the veteran like a power of attorney, legal guardianship, order, or other legal document. Now I have
P12: through the Va. I've signed their
P12: form that says they can tell me all of his
P12: information, or they can talk to me.
P12: So I mean, we've done that form. I have that a copy of that if I need to. You know, upload that I don't know if if that's the document they're talking about.
Moderator: Okay, well, that's good feedback. And we'll talk a little bit more about that when we get to that step of the form. Because I'm curious.
Moderator: Any other, you know, if you know, like what the form is called, or anything like that.
P12: I I
P12: don't know, but I can get it very quickly. So okay.
P12: I will. I can do that.
P12: Okay, it's this seems pretty
P12: self-explanatory.
P12: you know. I understand
P12: everything that's there. So.
Moderator: Okay, does anything on this page stand out to you as being confusing or particularly helpful.
P12: I think the only thing is that's confusing is is that part about the
P12: that I just talked about.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: So I it says that you can learn more about the documents. You can submit so I could click on that and go there, I suppose, and and they would
P12: hopefully walk me through that.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Other than that. I I think I
P12: got it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: If you were to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin based on the content on this page? And why would you give it that rating.
P12: I would say, I'm a 4,
P12: and it's it's really just because of that
P12: signature, that
P12: power of attorney or legal guardianship order, whatever it is you need
P12: that.
Moderator: Bad things.
Moderator: Audience.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: But.
P12: Other than that. Everything, I think, is.
P12: it's pretty self explanatory.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So now, I'd like you to start the form as if you were applying for the program.
Moderator: Okay? So I'm gonna have you fill out the form. You can. Just you can do real or fake information. It doesn't matter, because it's a testing site.
Moderator: And I'll make sure that nothing that you put in here is shared with anyone else. So it's up to you. If it's easier to put real information. That is fine.
P12: Yeah, it is.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: I'll give you like a fake social security number when we get to that step.
Moderator: So just think aloud as you're going through the form. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P12: Okay. So the 1st thing was his name.
P12: So
P12: They asked for his middle name and his. All of his stuff comes up with just his middle initial. So I typed in his
P12: middle name.
P12: and then he doesn't have a suffix like he's not a junior or the 3rd or anything. So now I'm on to his birthday.
P12: which is
P12: fine. Well.
P12: 1948.
P12: What's the buttons?
P12: Really?
P12: Okay, what's the veteran sex listed at birth?
P12: There's only 2
P12: alright social security number. You want me to just put 1, 2, 3, 4.
Moderator: You can do. 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: It won't take like one. It won't take a sequential thing like that. But if you do 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Then it will take it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: okay, you can keep going.
P12: Veterans. Home address.
P12: Okay? So again, we have, you know, fill in the form thing. So.
P12: But you have to always check this, because that has us living in
P12: Louisiana.
P12: So you always have to check that. Sometimes it doesn't come up with a state at all.
P12: Sometimes it just comes up with a phone.
P12: So
P12: counting.
P12: okay.
P12: well, that's that. So now, veteran contact information
P12: veterans, primary phone number.
P12: And that's our home phone.
P12: Okay? So for alternate phone. I put in my
P12: cell phone number.
P12: okay, instead of his cell phone number, because I get all of his
P12: appointment reminders.
P12: And all of that.
P12: Okay.
P12: okay? And then
P12: he has 2
P12: email addresses. But
P12: you usually normally use your P12, right?
P12: So on whatever happens.
P12: Okay? And so I put in his email address.
P12: yeah.
P12: continue on
P12: be a medical center or a clinic
P12: does the va.
Moderator: And why did you select that one.
P12: Pardon me.
Moderator: Why'd you select that facility.
P12: Okay? Cause that's where he gets all of his
P12: 90%. 90% of his healthcare comes from. There.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: He gets a little bit from North Charlotte. He has dental at North Charlotte.
P12: and
P12: sometimes
P12: South Charlotte
P12: No. South. Charlotte is where he gets his dental.
P12: and North Charlotte is once in a while he gets vision there, but primary his primary care, doctor and all of his health. Things are at the Salisbury, Va.
Moderator: Okay. So if you wanted to change the facility that you selected by doing a new search, could you walk me through? How you do that?
P12: Sure, I just I
P12: probably would put
P12: back to the 1st block where it says City State.
P12: where you get your
P12: most of your care. I'd put in Charlotte
P12: Parking.
P12: I wanted to change it.
P12: then hit the search, and it will come up with.
P12: There's the South, Charlotte North Charlotte
P12: Rock Hill.
P12: and Bill Heffner is down here and then Hickory. So then I would just change it to South Charlotte.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: okay, continue.
P12: Pretty
P12: pretty simple.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Confirm your health, care, facilities, veterans. Facility is selected.
P12: Okay.
P12: so if I confirm that one.
P12: your assigned caregiver support facility.
P12: this is the facility we've assigned to support you in the application. So see, that's the one that I put in originally.
Moderator: So what do you think about that.
P12: I think that I should go back and change his to
P12: be Salisbury.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: So can I do that.
Moderator: Yep.
P12: So let me go back and do that.
P12: It was kind of a unique situation where Salisbury was just Salisbury at one time, and everybody went there, but then they put
P12: 3 more clinics under Salisbury. They put
P12: North Shore, South Charlotte, and what's the one up there in the
P12: Kernersville, Kernersville, but they're all under all under Salisbury.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So if you were to rate that process of selecting a Va facility, one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best. What would you rate it, and why?
P12: Say 5, because it's it's really pretty straightforward
P12: especially if you I mean he's I think
P12: he might be a little unique in that they don't have
P12: all of the services at Salisbury that he needs.
P12: Okay. And that's why he goes to the Charlotte
P12: facility. So but most people, I think, get all of their
P12: services at one.
P12: you know, one Va. And up until he started with Dental. He really he really did.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Yeah, that was a problem. That's he just said he could. We could have gotten him the dental
P12: services at the Salisbury Va. But it would have been like a 6 month, 8 month. Wait for him to get in, even for his 1st appointment.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: So that's why we opted for the other facility. But as far as doing this, this form, this was
P12: a 5,
P12: and it was. It was easy.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: What does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P12: Would you like to apply for benefits for a primary caregiver?
P12: Okay, so
P12: that would be me.
P12: Okay. And
P12: I guess I would like to apply
P12: or benefits, and I would think I don't know but that might be where you could apply for Champ Va
P12: or
P12: this caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: that's your expectation. Yeah.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: so let's go through a scenario where you are adding yourself as the primary caregiver on the application.
P12: Okay. So I just clicked. Yes.
P12: right?
Moderator: Yep.
P12: And continue.
P12: okay.
P12: So that's me.
P12: okay. And I'm just going through and putting in my information.
P12: I'm up to my birthday.
P12: which all of that is Bonnie Jane Breeze.
P12: February 18, th 1947.
P12: Okay, which is trying to make yourself younger. Yeah.
P12: what's the primary fan
P12: family caregivers, sex plus birth
P12: veterans.
P12: files.
P12: There, that was easy.
P12: Okay.
P12: okay.
P12: And my caregivers identification information. Okay? So now, it wants my social security number.
P12: So do you want me to put that in, or do you want to give me one or.
Moderator: Yeah, we can just do a different fake. One. So we'll do 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 8. Let's do
Moderator: that. Should work.
P12: They want me to put
P12: dashes in there. And it was.
P12: okay.
P12: This is the veteran's home address. Use the same address as the veteran.
P12: Yes.
P12: okay.
P12: Is the primary animal care that was mailing with us.
P12: Same, better home.
P12: Yes.
P12: Okay. So that was very easy.
P12: Same address.
P12: Okay, primary family caregivers, contact information.
P12: Enter a 10 digit phone number
P12: same time zone
P12: myself.
P12: Good.
P12: So that's just asking for phone information and email. And that, too, is very simple.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: Keep going.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And what does the secondary caregiver mean to you?
P12: Secondary.
P12: I don't know. I've never heard that term before.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so any ideas about how that secondary role might differ in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P12: other than like if
P12: he needed somebody to
P12: come in and help him take a shower or help him.
P12: you know, do something, some daily activity.
P12: I would think that would be a secondary
P12: family caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: let's go through as though we are adding a secondary caregiver to the application.
P12: Okay? Where it says, learn more about who qualifies as a secondary family. Can I click on that to see what information is there.
Moderator: Yep.
P12: Okay, yeah, that's
P12: that's what I would think. The problem is like, we don't have any children.
P12: And all of our parents have passed away.
P12: We would just have.
P12: you know, friends, we would have a couple friends, a friend and a neighbor, probably.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Okay.
P12: But that answers my question, that that
P12: I would have checked that if I was doing this on my own I would have clicked that to find out what exactly it means, and then
P12: I would go in and check. Yes, I want to apply for benefits.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Go on secondary care. Okay.
P12: okay, so I'm
P12: doing her birthday now.
P12: So
P12: which is really
P12: her birthday, is the same day as mine.
Moderator: No.
P12: Different year.
Moderator: That's cool.
P12: It is
P12: okay. So that, too, is
P12: is fairly self explanatory.
P12: Once you understand what secondary family caregiver is.
P12: piece of cake.
Moderator: Okay, and keep going.
P12: Okay. Social security. Number.
P12: Okay.
P12: 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 3, 2, 1, 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7,
Moderator: 8, 7.
Moderator: Hold my number, any number.
Moderator: It just has to be the right amount of numbers, and it can't be sequential
Moderator: that should that should work.
P12: Okay.
P12: this is the veteran's home address. Use the same address as the veteran. Well, no, she doesn't live here, so
P12: it can't be a post office box. So I'll have to just
P12: perfect.
P12: Okay? So I put in her name and address.
P12: lives in the same county.
P12: Okay.
P12: so that's that's pretty easy.
Moderator: Yep, you can keep going.
P12: Okay.
P12: Contact information. Oh, boy.
P12: I'm just looking up her phone number so that I can
P12: put it in.
Moderator: I'm gonna blow my nose real quick. But I'm here.
P12: That's fine.
P12: Say, she thought I was calling her.
P12: Oh, dear.
P12: I'm sorry! Let me just make sure that she's.
Moderator: Yeah. Go ahead.
P12: Let me just tell her that I made a mistake.
Moderator: No problem and let her know we're not sharing her number with anyone.
P12: Sandra
P12: Sandra.
P12: Yeah, I'm sorry I I made a mistake. I'm trying to fill in a form. And
P12: and I made a mistake and pushed the wrong button. So I didn't mean to call you.
P12: Yep, everything's okay. Thank you.
P12: I'll talk with you later. All right. Okay, love you love you, too. Bye, bye.
P12: Okay.
P12: all right. Now, I'm back.
P12: No, it was standard. Oh, that was it.
P12: Yeah. Yeah.
P12: Curious to see if they let them in
P12: supplies.
P12: Yeah.
P12: okay, so I did that.
Moderator: Okay, if you were completing this form online for real, how would you coordinate getting all of that information from everyone involved?
P12: I would actually have all of that information on my phone with.
P12: And so I would have it listed. The only thing I wouldn't have would be his
P12: if I needed to enter in his case number, and I would have to go look that up.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so you wouldn't feel like you needed to sit down and do this together
Moderator: so far.
Moderator: No.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: alright. So we can continue. Let's just say no to adding another secondary family caregiver
Moderator: now. So.
P12: Sign the application.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: I'm curious what you think this page is asking, and what it means to you.
P12: Let me just read this.
P12: Okay, so this goes back to that document that I talked about.
P12: let me just check click on this, and see what documents they accept.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Can only accept the document that proves they have legal authority to make the decisions.
P12: We'll accept a document that proves you hear these already go outside.
P12: We can't do that
P12: valid power of attorney which I have that, too.
P12: Another legal vacuum of that your State. Or
P12: thank you.
P12: Okay, that's the form. I think that I have alternate signer certification.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P12: Or it might be the next one. It might be either one of those 2. I'd have to go get that form, and then I can tell you. Want me to get that form.
Moderator: If it's easy to get. If not, that's okay, like, it's good to know that you're kind of confused about which form it is.
P12: Yeah, I can go get it. I just need to run upstairs. If you want me to do that, I will.
Moderator: It's not. Honestly, it's not really necessary, but it's good to know, like what you would have to do if you going to do it.
P12: I have. I mean, if one of those forms isn't the form that I have from the Va. I do have a valid power of attorney which I could
P12: copy that upload that, too. So either way.
Moderator: Gotcha. So if you were going to upload a document, what what type would of those? Do you think you would upload.
P12: I well like. I said I would check those
P12: to make sure. You know, if I had one of those document numbers that they're talking about there. I would upload that.
P12: and then, if it wasn't 1 of those, then I would upload a copy of Power of Attorney.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And do you have those like readily available digital copy that you would upload.
P12: No, I would have to.
P12: Make a copy. Usually. What I do is take a picture of it with my phone
P12: and then send it to my email.
P12: and then I
P12: bring that to the I.
P12: Usually I save it to my desktop.
P12: and then I go to
P12: upload, and it says, what document you want to upload, and I click on the
P12: browser, and it brings up
P12: my list. And I choose which one I want to upload and just click on that and it uploads it.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: While to learn that, but I finally got that down.
Moderator: Okay, that's perfect. That's good to know.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. Well.
Moderator: if you want to upload a document in the form, then you can
Moderator: select the second choice that you're a representative, or if you don't want to, you can select that you're the veteran, and then you won't be asked to do that.
P12: Okay,
P12: why don't I check that? I'm
P12: a representative? Because then
P12: I will know how to do that. Okay?
P12: And then.
P12: okay, so this is this is normal for uploading that. So I can. Let me just click on this upload file and see if I can
P12: go. Okay, see? So this goes to his.
P12: okay, I'll upload this.
P12: Okay. So there's
P12: that's what that's document that I uploaded.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Okay. So that that was
P12: that was just the way I expected it to be.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: In your own words. What would you expect to happen next?
P12: I would expect to go to a place where
P12: I had to actually sign.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: So.
Moderator: Yeah, you can keep going.
P12: Oh, all right, review.
P12: You always gotta redo it. Oh, yeah, I know it.
P12: So
P12: review all that, Charles, I agree.
P12: Okay, so I have a mistake up there. So I'm gonna edit that.
Moderator: Okay, go ahead.
P12: Came back to Va. Medical Center.
Moderator: Yeah, what are your thoughts about that.
P12: That's not what I wanted to. I thought it would go back to the form
P12: that I'm was reviewing.
P12: That's what I should have. I expected because I wanted to edit. I put in the wrong day for his birthday.
Moderator: Oh, okay.
P12: So when I clicked I wanted to edit that form.
P12: I would think it would go back to that form.
Moderator: okay, let's click back. It might take you back to that
Moderator: review, page okay.
P12: Okay, see? So I put in december. It should be December 23, rd
P12: at 1212. So
P12: that's why I clicked at it.
P12: If you click on the birthday it's easier. Let me just see.
P12: no.
P12: Okay. So I have to edit personal information.
P12: Okay?
P12: But
P12: okay.
P12: there.
P12: okay. So there's little edits all the way through it.
P12: and I just went to the bottom at the end of the form and clicked at it.
P12: So that's why I ended up at the Medical Center.
Moderator: Yeah, that is.
P12: So that's.
Moderator: We'll just see.
P12: It's just because I read it too fast and didn't see all the other little edits in there.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm sure it happens all the time.
P12: Primary caregiver application. Okay.
P12: so I'm just gonna go in and look at this.
P12: Okay.
P12: okay? So that all looks good.
P12: okay, so then I would sign
P12: my name. There.
Moderator: Yeah, you can go ahead and do that.
P12: Now
P12: like when I sign the forms for charging
P12: they have a thing that you go to, and you, you know, type your name in, and that gives you a signature, so you don't have to click on it. And
P12: does this have that? Or do I have to just try and write my name in there. I can.
Moderator: Whatever you would try to do I would like to see.
Moderator: And where did you say that that was like a form you were just talking about?
P12: Yeah, when I filled in the form for pairing to do this.
Moderator: Oh, okay.
P12: Thing at the end you have, you have to sign it.
P12: And so what I
P12: would do, what they have is they have a thing that you can just click on. But this I'm just gonna type my name in there
P12: on behalf of Charles I certify the information
P12: above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Absolutely
P12: right. So I would
P12: do the same thing here
P12: because I am the primary caregiver.
Moderator: Go ahead!
Moderator: Oh.
P12: Secondary.
P12: I have to say, with all these things we've done.
P12: this one here seems to want be the one that has
P12: at least one. It changes.
P12: Well.
P12: yeah, it's it seems to be the easiest.
P12: Okay.
P12: Pardon me.
Moderator: This form you mean.
P12: Yes.
P12: the whole process, I mean.
P12: I I don't think like when I filled in the information for champ va, for example. That had
P12: some. But you you really didn't know who they were talking about
P12: when it said, You know, are you the
P12: I don't know what their words what the words were, but I couldn't tell her that they were talking about me or him.
Moderator: Okay. But.
P12: This. This seems this is much easier, much
P12: more self-explanatory.
Moderator: Okay, good to know.
Moderator: I'm curious what your comfort level is with filling this out and signing without all of the people who are involved. Present.
P12: I actually, I mean, I'm okay with it because
P12: like I, for P12 lost his vision in 2,006.
P12: So I've been doing forms and things for him since 2,006.
P12: Okay, so I know what
P12: I'm I know what I'm signing up for. I know what I'm doing, and as far as the secondary family caregiver.
P12: She's a very close friend of ours, and she it's just like she called when I pushed the wrong button. She's the one that called.
Moderator: No.
P12: And so I mean I know that she would.
P12: She's
P12: She's 1 of the executors on our will, so I know that she would, you know, want me to do whatever I needed to do?
P12: Put her name in there.
Moderator: Okay, good to know.
Moderator: Alright. So for the we can't actually submit it on here, it will just give you an error because it's a testing site. So I'm gonna share the final page that you would see if you did submit the application.
Moderator: So I'm just gonna take screen sharing
Moderator: over.
Moderator: Do you see the
Moderator: 5 year program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P12: Thank you for completing your application once. It's successfully
P12: to see if your application will contact you to tell you what happens in the next application process.
P12: Here's submission information
P12: what to expect next
P12: contact the veteran and any caregivers to discuss this application and eligibility.
P12: If you gave us your email
P12: address in this application, you're receiving a confirmation email 24h. Be sure to check your email.
P12: Okay.
P12: what to do with your questions. Now.
P12: Team Directory.
P12: where you can call
P12: can do. If your application is denied, application is denied, we'll send you a letter here.
P12: Okay.
P12: if you disagree the decision, you can appeal it.
P12: learn more about it.
P12: 7. Okay.
P12: Here's how you can learn more. Read the
P12: program. General caregiver support services.
P12: call the caregiver support button, find the caregiver support
P12: team and Unspa
P12: go to our caregiver support.
P12: Okay.
P12: okay, so the team directory, what does that have on it? Just the people's names. And so you just don't know who, to
P12: matter of fact.
P12: I mean, go to our customer. Our caregiver support program teams, directory.
Moderator: What do you think that link would show you.
P12: Think it would give you the name
P12: of the people that are in the
P12: team directory.
P12: Once you pick, I I guess they well, you already picked the
P12: team because it would be at the facility at the Salisbury facility.
P12: So I would think it would give you the names of the people that are there
P12: that are.
P12: you know, the team support
P12: numbers.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So overall. Could you tell me what this page is telling you happened and what comes next in the process.
P12: Sure
P12: overall. They they send me
P12: a confirmation that I've they've received
P12: my application, and then they'll send me an email
P12: if they.
P12: if they're going to accept my application.
P12: once they go through it and check it all out, then
P12: they'll send me
P12: either an acceptance or a denial.
P12: and once I get the acceptance, then
P12: that tells me, or pretty much, I go with that and continue on.
P12: Yeah.
P12: they'll that'll be the approval.
P12: And then
P12: I pantech
P12: they'll tell me. I think it said that you
P12: There's
P12: the contact numbers are there. If you're
P12: if I have any questions
P12: I can go to that number.
P12: but if it's denied, then they
P12: tell me that I can, you know.
P12: request a appeal, or if I disagree with a decision, I can
P12: appeal it, or request a review of the decision and go on from there and then, if they approve it.
P12: then I
P12: they send me an email.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there any information that you would like to see here that you don't.
P12: No, I think just scroll down so I can see the next
P12: part of this.
P12: Okay.
P12: so
P12: window verification denied.
P12: no, I guess.
P12: you know it says if you have questions now.
P12: So if I had, you know, if I needed to know more information, I guess I would go to our caregiver support Program
P12: team directory and find out who's listed there and like what their position is, and see if you know, there's somebody there that I could contact. If, for example, it's been a long time since I received the
P12: you know the fact that you all received it, or they received it, received my application, and I hadn't heard anything approval or denial.
P12: Then I guess I would go there and find out.
P12: you know, if they can help me
P12: find out what, where, where it stands.
P12: And then
P12: I think you know, with those with that phone number, and that.
P12: you know, go into the general caregiver support services
P12: which I have not been to that site
P12: to see. You know. What is there
P12: other than
P12: I don't know if that's the site I went to early on. When I when I 1st started to look at this, there were 2 types of
P12: caregiver support that you could apply for one was with no compensation.
P12: and one was with compensation. And so I didn't know. You know, it was pretty vague on what the differences were. So that's why I didn't go any further with that, because I didn't know whether I
P12: I felt like I'd already done 2 programs about caregivers and how to interact with.
P12: You know the person that you are caring for, and all the signs and things that you need to watch for.
P12: So I felt well, you know I probably don't need to go through that again.
P12: So I thought, Well, I'll just wait and see.
P12: So I didn't bow any further.
Moderator: Okay.
P12: I do think that
P12: you know I will look at.
P12: If I had
P12: the
P12: the website information for
P12: program of General Caregiver support.
P12: Sarah listens.
P12: If I had. If there was a website that I could go to.
P12: I don't have that to click on.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I can send you the link to actually apply for this program.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: If you don't qualify for it, then you will be able to talk to them about applying for the other program that you're correct. One has a stipend, and one doesn't
Moderator: right.
Moderator: So in the zoom chat, I put the link to va.gov, where you can read more about the application and eligibility, and you can start the application from there for real afterwards if you'd like.
P12: Okay, is that
P12: that's this right over here. Yeah.
P12: okay, can you?
P12: Is there any way you can send that to my email?
Moderator: Yeah, I'll ask. I don't have your email, but I will ask Perig and to send it to you.
P12: Okay, that would be great.
Moderator: Sure!
Moderator: Oh, nice!
P12: Because I I can't do it right now, but I would like to.
P12: I would like to go through and do that application.
Moderator: Okay, sounds good.
Moderator: So I'm just wondering.
P12: Of your all of the stuff that we've gone through today
P12: has
P12: encouraged me to do the application. Okay, okay.
P12: I I think it's well, like P12. It's enlightened me.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: gotcha.
Moderator: I just have a couple of final questions, and then we are done. Do you have a couple of extra minutes because we're time already?
P12: Absolutely.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
P12: We got all the time in the world, if it'll help.
Moderator: Okay, so I'm curious. Now that you've seen the form, what research do you think you would do before applying and completing a form like that?
P12: I would check to make sure I have
P12: that form that they went that says you either have power of attorney or you're authorized to sign for him.
P12: I would make sure I had that
P12: with me. I mean his social security number and all that other information I have top of my head.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and what are your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much.
Moderator: too little, or just enough.
P12: actions.
P12: I think it was it was just enough.
P12: But I mean the forms itself.
P12: I mean it wasn't. It really wasn't a lot of information.
P12: It's just you. There's a number of steps. So if it, you know, I I thought it was really
P12: just the right amount of information that they're asking.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information that you would have liked to see about, who qualifies to be a primary and a secondary caregiver?
P12: Yeah, I I think that would be
P12: really helpful to define that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any like qualifications in particular that you're curious about.
P12: not so much
P12: qualifications, I think.
P12: as far as
P12: a secondary.
P12: Oh.
P12: caregiver.
P12: I think that
P12: you know they should have some.
P12: you know. Does this person live close to you.
P12: for example, like the person that I put in Sandra, she lives probably driving time. 10 or 15min away from us.
P12: Okay, so I don't know whether they consider.
P12: you know, whether they would want you to have somebody that was closer.
P12: like I could put in our neighbor, but they're not always home.
P12: And I have another friend that lives maybe
P12: 8min away.
P12: Should the person be
P12: closer to you. I
P12: it's just.
P12: Or do you just put somebody that you
P12: really you know it? You can
P12: trust and would be there always for you.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha
Moderator: do you have any questions for me?
Moderator: I.
P12: I just
P12: I don't think so. Let me just think a minute.
Moderator: No.
P12: When it comes to
P12: approval
P12: for
P12: you know whether whichever one it is.
P12: one or the other
P12: something.
P12: I think it would be good upfront, you know, when you're applying
P12: to
P12: Have some criteria for
P12: you know. What do you need to be able to? What? What things do you need to meet, to be able to get the stipend one. What things do you need to meet? What qualifications do you need to meet to get the one that to, you know. Join the one that isn't a stipend, you know some
P12: not, you know, a huge, long document or anything. But maybe
P12: you know of
P12: 5 bullets or
P12: 10 bullets, and
P12: you know what
P12: what thing. It would just make it
P12: easier for you to, you know. Decide which
P12: where to start with that.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: So I just wanna circle back and reconfirm, are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
Moderator: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, great.
Moderator: We really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts. Today this feedback is going to help us improve the form. So it works really well for veterans and caregivers.
Moderator: Lastly, Paragene will send you a thank you email that will include a blurb that you can pass along. If you know any other veterans or caregivers who may want to participate in future research studies like this.
Moderator: I'll also have them send you that link to apply for the caregiver program.
Moderator: Okay, I.
P12: Truly appreciate that I really do. I'm going to just
P12: before you go. I'm going to take a quick picture of this.
P12: just in case. I don't get that there now. I've got the site, anyway, and I can go to that. I can type it in myself.
Moderator: Good.
Moderator: It's currently doesn't do that.
P12: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you so much. Have a great rest of your day.
P12: Thank you, and you do the same. Thank you so much, and thank your managers, your
P12: note takers and participants for me. I really appreciate your help with this.
Tamara Scott: We thank you very much. We really appreciate you taking the time for this. It's very helpful.
P12: You're very welcome. I'm glad you guys are doing this. You do a great job for them.
P12: Thank you.
Tamara Scott: Thank you. Have a good day. You, too.
Moderator: Bye.
P12: Bye-bye.